base: This is the main file of the Hero Me, the Universal Base. All other parts will attach to this or a part attached to it, this is the heart of the Hero Me. 40x40mm fan required, 10mm preferred.
hotendmount: This is what your hotend (filament melty bit) will attach to. Unless you have a Microswiss Direct Drive carriage, you need this! V6 users search for the E3D V6 Volcano mount, Ender 3 and adjacent users can look for the MK8 Creality mount.
skirt: This wraps around your hotend's heat block to cover the gap left between the base's hotend chamber and the hotend itself. This reduces stray drafts that cool down your nozzle and make your printer less efficient or print quality worse. Optional, although recommended.
fanguard: This part goes over your 40x40mm fan to add some aesthetics to your build. This is a limited selection, there are hundreds more available on maker sites, just be wary of clearance. Make the Hero Me more personal! Entirely optional, might reduce airflow on fancier designs
partcooling: These parts channel the airflow of your chosen part cooling fans down to your nozzle. Tall ducts are made for tall hotends, such as the V6 Volcano. Long Ducts are for hotends that dont align to the hero me's expected hotend center, like the Microswiss Direct Drive carriage which the hotend attaches to.
probe: This is where you attach your bed leveling probe. BL/CR Touch users have many possible combinations as they are a 2 part assembly that needs to fit various cooling arrangements. Best to check these for conflicts before you print a dozen. Other ABLs use single mounts although some also use the BL/CR Touch wings. If you are a masochist this is optional.
wings: This attaches to your base to attach bed leveling probes, pen mounts, adxl accelerometers, and more. BL/CR Touch users will need to pick a wing AND a probe mount, see probe mount tooltip for more info. If you are a masochist this is optional.
gantryadapter: This is how you connect the Hero Me Base to your printer's motion system. Most supported printers have a specific adapter, although options for MGN linear rails also exist as multipart assemblies. Box carriages often need longer screws than assortment kits provide! 
cabletower: An optional (although recommended) part that allows you to zip tie your cables to the base so that they don't get in the way or drag. 
directdrive: A potentially optional part for attaching an extruder directly to your base, for direct drive printing. Front mounts mean the motor faces the front of the printer (where you see the 40x40mm fan from) while Rear mounts face it towards the back. For example, a Sherpa user might want to use a rear mount to show off their extruder.
riser: This goes between your hotend mount and direct drive mount in order to allow for clearance when direct drives may conflict with other parts. Examples include the BMG clone direct drive mount, which is wider than the base itself. Completely optional, probably not needed
adxl: Attach this to your skirt (or a few Ducts and Risers) to mount your ADXL345 accelerometer. Many options exist for different mount hole spacings and distances. A wing version that requires a BL/CRtouch wing is available. Completely optional, probably not needed
clip: This little guy goes on some gantry adapters to make up for a lack of screw holes on the printer's carriage. For example, the Ender 3 only has 2 screw holes and no hole where it needs extra support, so a clip clamps between the carriage and the adapter to add stability. If your gantry adpater needs one, it is required. 